---
type: meeting-note
title: "Daily Standup - July 28, 2025"
meeting_type: "Daily Standup"
date: 2025-07-28
attendees: ["Eduardo Yuschuk", "Ramiro Carracedo", "Santiago Gimenez", "Luis Rivera", "Florencia Redondo", "Lucas Cufré", "Martin Aranda", "Mauricio Hernán Cabrera", "Marko Jauregui", "Federico Caffaro", "Angel Rangel"]
duration: "9 minutes"
language: "English (translated from Spanish)"
translation_date: "2025-10-20"
status: "Translated and Structured"
tags: ["daily-standup", "team-sync", "sprint", "july-2025"]
---

# Daily Standup - July 28, 2025

## Meeting Details
- **Date:** July 28, 2025
- **Time:** 09:27 - 09:36 (GMT-3)
- **Duration:** 9 minutes
- **Meeting Type:** Daily Standup
- **Attendees:** Eduardo Yuschuk, Ramiro Carracedo, Santiago Gimenez, Luis Rivera, Florencia Redondo, Lucas Cufré, Martin Aranda, Mauricio Hernán Cabrera, Marko Jauregui, Federico Caffaro, Angel Rangel
- **Language:** English (Translated from Spanish)

## Summary
Brief standup with updates on perpetuals panel development, social login review, limits refactoring, Let's Bonk events implementation, and mobile app networking module. The Hyperliquid restriction decision remains pending legal advice.

## Team Updates

### Luis Rivera
**Completed:**
- Right panel component for perpetuals orders

**In Progress:**
- Model work for perpetuals
- Graph component integration

**Notes:**
- Perpetuals section nearly complete pending decision

### Martin Aranda
**Status Update:**
- No news on Hyperliquid restriction decision
- Both Radar and client need additional legal counsel
- Decision still pending

### Mauricio Hernán Cabrera
**Completed:**
- Form control PR ready for review

**In Progress:**
- SSE (Server-Sent Events) testing issues
- Setting empty array fallback for Storybook display

**Notes:**
- Multiple SSE testing approaches failed

### Marko Jauregui
**Completed:**
- Logout PR corrections

**In Progress:**
- Unit tests
- Frontend testing setup (needs credentials)

**Notes:**
- Ready to test with frontend

### Federico Caffaro
**Completed:**
- Social login review
- Left PR comments on scalability issues

**Key Feedback:**
- Too Google-oriented, needs generalization
- Database performance and concurrency issues
- Race conditions in wallets and session creation
- Unlimited session creation per user (memory concern)
- Need session limits or cleanup mechanism

### Ramiro Carracedo
**Completed:**
- Limits refactor PR (aesthetic changes mainly)
- Full schematization of limits system

**In Progress:**
- BWAP, TWAP, DCA review
- Mins completion and testing
- Database infrastructure cleanup

**Notes:**
- Focus on closing mins work today

### Eduardo Yuschuk
**Completed:**
- Initial Let's Bonk data preparation

**In Progress:**
- Adding missing data to Let's Bonk events
- Starting ClickHouse data transmission soon

**Pending:**
- Munit events (after Let's Bonk activation)

### Angel Rangel
**Completed:**
- Networking module for SC connection
- Stop screen integration
- Search integration with recent tokens

**In Progress:**
- Specials screen filter integration
- Refresh token implementation
- Unit tests

**Notes:**
- First phase nearly complete

### Santiago Gimenez
**Completed:**
- Settings page progress
- Login and user profile sections

**In Progress:**
- Shortcuts and help center mapping
- Settings finalization with Lucky

**Notes:**
- Web app settings focus

## Key Discussion Points

### Hyperliquid Decision Status
- Still awaiting legal counsel from both sides
- No timeline provided for decision
- Team continuing preparation work meanwhile

### Social Login Scalability
- Current implementation too Google-specific
- Needs abstraction for other providers (GitHub, etc.)
- Session management requires limits
- Rate limiting concerns for external APIs

### Database and Infrastructure
- Ramiro focusing on mins completion
- Infrastructure cleanup after testing
- Parallel work possible with Eduardo on ClickHouse

### Mobile App Progress
- Angel nearly completing first phase
- Networking module functional
- Missing token navigation screen for next release

## Action Items
- [ ] Review form control PR - @Martin
- [ ] Provide testing credentials - @Martin to @Marko
- [ ] Address social login scalability issues - @Marko & @Federico
- [ ] Complete mins testing and cleanup - @Ramiro
- [ ] Test Let's Bonk integration when ready - @Martin & @Eduardo
- [ ] Complete refresh token implementation - @Angel

## Notes
- Shortest standup of the batch (9 minutes)
- Team operating efficiently despite Hyperliquid uncertainty
- Frontend components ready with mocked data for quick integration
- Social login needs architectural improvements before production

---
*Meeting notes generated by Gemini AI and translated to English*
*Original meeting date: July 28, 2025*
*Translation completed: 2025-10-20*